Hi guys, in this video we want to create
10 layer. As you can see, when I create
landscape like this and create 10 layers
material and a real engine 5.7.4.
Okay, let's go.
Uh, okay. First thing first, open the
editor.
Okay, after that, let's create new
project. Click here, new project. Choose
third person as template.
Project name choose as you want. Hit
create.
Uh okay fine. Once the project is opened
go here to files.
Select new level. Choose empty level.
Hit create. Now let's go here to window.
Environment light mixer. Create sky
light. Create directional light. Create
sky atmosphere. Create volutric cloud.
And finally create height fork. Uh
before you get we have to go down right
here and enable this one volutric fork.
Now let's save our level. It's untitled
it like as you can see. Go here. Save
current level. Rename the level as you
want. Hit save.
And now it looks empty. We have to add
our landscape.
You can make flat landscape or you can
uh choose
a landscape from the world map. Okay, I
want to show you this trick. You can use
as you want
as a height map. Okay, let's go here to
Google. Go to this website is allows you
from the is reward map or you can choose
any map as you want.
in each uh place in the board. You can
choose any place.
Okay. And after that you can generate
your height map from this
uh this output width pixel and output
height pixel. when I go right here and
landscape mode and this is one this is
the resolution as you can see this is
say you can adjust as you want
okay let's just like this I think it's
good and let's choose uh place
before we uh use place we can just this
one PNG cheap.
Okay. And let's choose this one.
Generate heat map.
Okay. This is my height map. It generate
correctly.
You can choose the X and the Y latitude.
You can get it here from the Google maps
map.
For example, I want to choose New York
or Florida or any place
and New Jersey for example. This is the
New Jersey. For example, I want to
choose this uh
this place on New Jersey. You can copy
this
coordinators
and add it right here. Okay, let's close
this and return here to the editor.
After that, when you open this landscape
mode, we have to think when you create a
new landscape, we have press this one to
create new landscape and you you can
adjust and import from file. I want to
import from file my height map height
map file. Go here
and import my height map. As you can
see, it's the same as you can see
previously.
Okay, after that we have to adjust some
uh scaling value. Make this one 50
and let's hit on import.
Okay,
I think it's fine. Let's adjust the
speed
here of the camera.
The place I chose is a lot of mountains.
Let's uh save all and return here to
selection mode. After returning
selection mode,
we have to go here
basic and choose player start
and add our third person character right
here. Let's see. Okay, this is my third
person uh character.
And now let's move to the next step.
You have to go here to content, go to
Fab
and choose our 10 materials.
Search for this first one
texture
more filter set price for free.
Okay, let's choose this while
adding my product. Yes. Little depth.
Second type. Long press.
Close this one.
White grass.
Choose this white grass.
Dry it. Grass
construction gravel.
This one.
And you can just this layer
five man.
Okay, let's search for cl
material rock cliff.
Let's see how many types of graph we
have.
surfaces
eight. It's reminis to
this layered
rock cliff
and finally this beach cliff.
Okay. And how many materials we have?
Five. 10. Okay. This I want to make
those 10 materials as layers.
Okay. Now let's return here to content.
Go here to material. Rename this one and
keep material mat
layers and
double click here.
Make this one in this place. After that
first thing first we have to go here.
Select this one and choose material
attributes.
Make this one in this corner.
Uh after that we have to go here. Search
for coordates or cordis landscape
landscape layer cord.
Let's begin one by one. I have to go
here and search for make material
attributes.
make material attributes.
Now let's add our textures.
Uh we have to go here to mega scan
services. Select the first one and add
this texture right here. You can enable
it from this one. Click here. I enable
this.
Select all. Go here.
Okay.
And now let's track this uh and skip
quarters to all the UV maps.
Uh for to make a better result, you can
add the multiply node right here.
Okay. Uh after that
we have to go here and select base color
to base color normal to the normal and
this one oh for the red channel for the
ambient occlusion green channel for the
roughness and the blue channel for the
displacement.
Okay.
Okay. After that it's
a break material.
Uh sorry not break materials.
Blend escape layer brand. We have this
one.
Make it here.
Okay. And let's begin one by one. The
first one is the cliff.
6 7 8 9 10.
Okay,
first one.
Okay, let's move to the next one.
Right here.
Deselect this one and return to Fabascan
surfaces construction graph.
Okay. Select texture and select both of
them.
Second one construction gravel.
Okay. Select this one by pressing
control and this one. Go down here. Ctrl
+ C and go to Ctrl uh V.
Okay. After that, let's connect this to
this
or all the UIs
want to do the same thing. After that
base color base color normal to the
normal
red channel for the object inclusion
green channel
the blue channel for the displacement.
Okay. The second one is construction
gravel.
A gravel or a grapple I don't know.
Okay,
this second one. Let's save all.
Okay, let's move the first one. Content
drawer surfaces.
This is about this dried grass. Click
this one and go here.
And we have to copy all those texture
basic color normal and displacement.
Left this one this one. Copy. Go down.
Paste.
landscape coordinates
connected through the all new maps.
Okay, this one
red only greenness
blue displacement.
Okay, what's this? Copy two times. Let's
delete
now. Let's return here.
This the third one.
Okay.
and right gas
this layer right
copy it here.
Now let's move to the next one.
for this. Make a scan circul
grassy soil. Select it and go ahead.
Select both of them.
Select
those.
C. and go down Ctrl uh V. Okay. After
connect this to all the UV maps
after that this base color
uh normal.
Okay. OB closing
roughness and finally displacement.
Select this front and go here.
Name it soil.
Connect this one to the
soil.
Okay, let's make it here.
After that, let's move to the next one.
Make a scan.
Okay. This lone grass. Select it.
Texture. Select all. Make it here.
Okay.
The final one. Now let's select both of
them. Ctrl C and Ctrl + V. You want to
copy all of those here.
Let's connect this to all the UV maps.
Normal.
Uh, okay. After that, basically normal,
red channel for the ambient occlusion,
green channel for the rockness, and blue
channel for the displacement.
Okay. What is the name of this loan
address?
Name it lo
and connect it here.
Let's move to the next one.
Disable this surfaces
a layer rock clip.
Okay,
first one, second one, third one.
Copy this and this
cord this landscape player. C this UV
and finally texture.
Okay, after that let's connect base
color to base color normal to the normal
and finally this
ombot closure channel the green channel
redness and blue channel for the
displacement.
Okay, let's go here
and name it layer
layer.
Okay, let's move to the next one.
This
rock cliff. This one takes
those here.
Select both of them. Ctrl C and Ctrl V.
want to break into those.
Okay. Bas
normal
ambient occlusion
redness and finally displacement.
Let's go right here. Next here is rock
cliff.
Okay, this one
rock cliff.
Let's move to the next one. Set all. Go
here.
Uh, surfaces while grass.
Go here to texture. Select all of them.
and go down right here
and add it in this place.
Okay, enough. Let's select those.
Ctrl C and Ctrl V to duplicate all of
them.
This for the UV.
Now all the UV maps
after that let's go here base color to
base color normal
to the normal. Uh this mask is on blue
occlusion a green channel for the
redness and the blue channel for the
displacement.
After selecting those let's go here.
This layer is named the wild grass.
Why?
Okay, let's move to the next one.
There is two types of wild glass. Okay,
let's rename wild glass. one
and go down here. Wild two.
Okay, copy all of those.
Copy.
No, let's certain light here and copy my
wild grass
exert.
Okay.
Paste both of them here.
And let's connect mobile one
base color to base color. this normal to
the normal
red channel for the ambient occlusion
and green channelness
and blue channel for the displacement.
After that, let's connect this
hair. Now the final one,
wild glass three.
We have three types of oil grass.
Okay.
Duplicate those here.
And finally connect this
with this and this.
blue channel displacement, green channel
brightness and red channel for the
ambient glow channel.
And finally,
look at this. It looks huge.
We get rid of this. Select this one and
go down here to the final one and rename
it to wild grass two three.
Okay, that's connected.
Fine. Now, let's go up here.
and connect this one to my landscape
material layer. It looks black. I'll fix
this problem. I want to see this right
now. Before we do this, we have to save
all and return here.
Go here, select landscape, go down this
one, landscape material
and select this. Let's go here to
content and drag here.
Okay, it looks too black. It's not good
this
and let's go here to landscape
paint.
I select this one. Create layer from
assigned material.
Once it's selected, all my layers is
here.
Okay.
Let's choose a ground layer before.
A dry grass. Wild grass. Okay. Let's
choose the straight grass. I think it's
good. How to choose this? We have to go
here. Clear layer.
Save.
Okay. Fine. It's saved. After saving
this layer, I want to feel
Go right here and fill layer.
After filling filling this layer, it
looks like this.
Okay, this is the first layer of the
ground. Now, let's move to the next
ones.
Add all of those layers.
What's this problem?
Next one. Do the same thing.
Want to do this uh thing for all the
layers.
Okay.
Save.
Plus button
on the finally the wild crust three the
final layer.
And now let's save all.
Okay. Now let's uh paint.
We go right here. For example, those
mountains. Okay, let's ch this one.
Select this rock. Well, let's see.
And paint it here.
Why it's not work is
okay.
this problem. What? There is no weight
blending.
Uh, okay. How to fix this problem? There
is no weight blending. Double click here
and go here. Blend method and choose
with blend legacy or advanced with
blending choose as you want. Okay, let's
choose this one
legacy.
This is how create layer is using the ar
engine 5.7
uh part four. Okay, let's uh see it
works or not. Okay, as you can see it's
work is fine.
Dry the glass. No, wait.
Okay, you can adjust tiling from here.
Okay, let's choose this and let's see.
Save
this one. legacy for the tin
can just any
layer as you want any color maxic red,
blue or green.
Okay,
do the same thing for all those layers.
Close it.
Okay, the rock is
safe.
Wild grass one.
Wild grass two.
And finally wild cross
uh three.
Okay. Fine.
Now let's begin one by one. Okay. As you
can see the it works fine. Let's move
the second one. Construction gra.
Okay, as you can see.
Okay.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial.
Uh see you later on the next uh
tutorial.